{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Okay, this is my plan for The map moving forward. What I actually want is to utilise as much RSM data as possible. For you to create a series of scripts that will then calculate the correct sizing and the correct models to be placed on that map. \
So roads we are currently working on, and that needs to be optimised correctly. Again, taking those blinds and correcting the ivory, defiles for the main roads, trunk roads, the pathways, driveways, et cetera. Okay. \
Textures, when we did that last time failed. Because I think we mapped it to farmland and not farmyards, so we need to do it for farmyards specifically. Foliage, also like I need you to paint foliage, so it looks more like it's Warwickshire. \
And it's um, properly English countryside. So therefore, I need you to create a script that will basically go in and find all the verges, find all the edges of fields. Right now, I think there's just meadow grass is painted, so it's just putting correct foliage in the right sort of places. \
The other thing is field gates. So if I tag field gates for OSM data, um, go through an ad field gates using mod specifically because they have got the gate scripts and they will open. So I need those to work. \
The other one that we discussed before is utilising mods like barns with roller doors and all this sort of stuff. Again, look at the RSM data. Again, look at MP 4S. So maps of farming simulator scripts that we're using. \
Now identify the best models for the best sizes. and do some judgements and calculations based off that. In essence, I'm just trying to do a lot of it through scripting, and so I do tweaking in GE rather than actually having to model loads and loads of different things. So I need you to optimise a plan. \
I need you to get it right. I need to get all the scripting done. I need you to make it as seamless as possible for me. \
If we're going off path or things are getting too complicated, let's just do one thing at a time and make sure that we nail that. I need a comprehensive plan. I need to understand how it's going to work. \
I need to do all the scripting. I need you to tell me what assets you need. And we'll run this all locally through co-work, and I will ask, we'll ask questions through projects and through chats, so that needs to be synced as well.\
\
In addition to this, we also need to think about fields as well. So I believe you've got Crom data. And OSM data. \
And I want to make sure that fields are mapped correctly. By that, I mean, we've already got the fields and the splines created for GE for maps for F. It's making sure that the fields have got the right crops for the area and for the map using chrome data. And get it as accurate as possible. \
So whether it's going through and then applying those fields correctly in the farm. Sorry, in the fields. XML files, et cetera. \
If you also need density maps, you need to tell me, and you need to tell me, give me the exact steps if I need to do anything specifically.\
\
In addition to this, when it comes to foliage, do not use the chrome data and convert that into splines because it uses hexagons every time. Which is infuriating and also causes a lot of confusion for me. Only use the chrom data. \
To roughly guide, Where, foliage and crops, ETC should be placed. The Crom data is just to supplement OSM data and DEM data. so on and so forth. So please stop adding in hexagons, um, into the map and into, uh, map weights and DMs, PNGs, splines, on and so forth. \
Because it doesn't work.}